Evaluate the mathematical expression: 18 ÷ 3 + 3 × 3 – 8
7

If x represents the area of the number line colored blue, which inequality accurately reflects the value of x? 
https://codehs.com/uploads/e325bc507d56047d5534737f2e92809e
x ≤ 8

Melissa will only drink a cup of coffee if she has slept less than 8 hours or she had to wake up before 6 am.
In which of the following cases does Melissa not drink a cup of coffee?
Melissa sleeps for 8 hours and wakes up at 7 am

Karel the Dog is instructed to move forward two spaces. Then, if Karel is standing on a ball, Karel will turn left and move forward two spaces. Otherwise, Karel will move forward two spaces. Given the starting point below, where will Karel end up? 
Starting Point:
https://codehs.com/uploads/79fabd0dd2cf90b34cef6ea9bd7aa149
https://codehs.com/uploads/622efbb0ea7fd12d8364e47123fd7e1d

In Ms. Garcia’s computer science class, students receive letter grades based on the following scale. 
Integer Score       	Letter Grade
92 or above 	A
From 81 to 91 (inclusive)     	B
From 72 to 80 (inclusive) 	C
71 or below 	F
Which of the following code segments will assign the correct string grade for a given integer score? 
I and III only

Consider the following program code:
int x = 5;
int y = 8;
int temp = x;
x = y;
y = temp;
What are the values of x and y as a result of this program code?
x has a value of 8
y has a value of 5

You’re building an e-commerce website. You create a class called Transaction to represent a single purchase on the site. Which of these would not make sense as an instance variable in the Transaction class?
private int totalTransactionsToday 

Which for loop will properly print “good luck” 10 times?
B

What are parameters?
The formal names given to the data that gets passed into a method.

What does this method call return?
public int doubleInt(int x)
{
    x * 2;
}
doubleInt(5);

This method is improperly written.

What is the output of the following program?
public class Main
{
    private String str = "dog";

   /*Use public static void main() to replace the line below   
      outside of the CodeHS platform.*/
    public void run() 
    {
        Main m = new Main("cat");
        System.out.println(m.getString());
    }

    public Main(String str)
    {
        str = str;
    }

    public String getString()
    {
        return str;
    }
}
dog

Based on this code snippet
public class Shape
{
   public String getShapeName()
   {
       return "Shape";
   }
}
public class Rectangle extends Shape
{
   public String getShapeName()
   {
       return "Rectangle";
   }
}
public class Square extends Rectangle {}
public class Oval extends Shape
{
    public String getShapeName() 
    {
        return "Oval";
    }
}
public class Circle extends Oval
{
    public String getShapeName()
    {
        return "Circle";
    }
}
What does this program output?
Shape shape1 = new Shape();
Shape shape2 = new Rectangle();
Shape shape3 = new Square();
Shape shape4 = new Circle();
System.out.print(shape1.getShapeName());
System.out.print(shape2.getShapeName());
System.out.print(shape3.getShapeName());
System.out.print(shape4.getShapeName());
Shape Rectangle Rectangle Circle

Which of the following are valid arrays?
I.   int[] coolArray = {1, 2, 3};
II.  int[] threeThings = {1.0, 2.0, 3.0};
III. int[] = {"1", "2", "3"};
I only

What value will be held in mysteryNumber when this code finishes running? 
int mysteryNumber = 0;
String[] mysteryArray = {"Finn", "Jake", "Bubblegum"};
for(int i = 0; i < mysteryArray.length; i++)
{
    mysteryNumber += mysteryArray[i].length();
}
17

Given this array:
1 2 4 5 6 7 8 12 14 21 22 42 53
How many comparisons are required to find 42 using the Binary Search?
3
